docs: Correct grammar (#4308)
guardian/grid: thrall/README.md

# Thrall

> Thrall pulls messages from an SQS queue, interpret them, and modify an Elasticsearch index accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thrall pulls messages from an SQS queue, interprets them, and modifies an Elasticsearch index accordingly.
```

Another small tweak 😃
